Hey this is a very large file
okayt
I will be tesing it
CS/SE 4348: Operating Systems
Programming Assignment 1
Instructor: Ravi Prakash
Assigned on: June 9, 2021
Due date and time: June 18, 2021; 11:59 pm
This is an individual project and sharing of code is strictly prohibited and will be dealt with as per the university’s
rules governing academic misconduct. You are expected to demonstrate the operation of your project to the instructor
or the TA. You have to download the prepared Linux Virtual Machine from http://www.os-book.com/ and use C as
programming language inside the virtual machine for this project. Ensure to use the prepared VM for the 9
th edition
of the book.
In this project, you will use ordinary pipes to implement an inter-process communication scheme for message
passing between processes. Assume that there are two directories, d1 and d2, and there are different files in each one
of them. Also, each file contains a short-length string of characters. You have to use a parent process that forks two
children processes, and have each child process check one of the directories.
• Assume that child 1 (child 2) is responsible to check the directory d1 (directory d2, respectively). This child
process has to create a list of names of the files in the directory and their contents.
• After creating the list, each child process will send its list to the other child process using a pipe.
• Upon receiving the list, child 2 (child 1) will create the files listed by child 1 (child 2) in directory d2 (directory
d1, respectively) and fill the files with their initial contents.
After these steps, the directories d1 and d2 should be identical.
Submission Information
The submission should be through eLearning in the form of an archive consisting of:
1. File(s) containing the source code.
2. The makefile.
3. The directories and files you used to test the execution of your code.
Please do “make clean” before submitting the contents of your directory. This will remove the executable and
object code that is not needed for submission.
Your source code must have the following, otherwise you will lose points:
1. Proper comments indicating what is being done
2. Error checking for all function and system calls